Create Prettier Config (#364)
WSWCWaterDataExchange/WestDAAT: src/DashboardUI/README.md

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will
remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right
into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will
point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

> You never need to use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you

Reviewer: reworded sentence for clarity

> You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You never need to use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you
```
